---
title: "Announcing Codetree: GitHub Issues, Managed"
date: 2016-03-13
author: Derrick Reimer
tags: example
---

After six months of intense product development, Codetree is officially
open to the public. If you use GitHub issues, I think you're going to love
what we've built. But don't take my word for it &mdash;
[sign up for a free trial](https://codetree.com/signin)
and take it for a spin. If you're interested in more details, keep reading.

Six months ago, I set out to transform the way product teams interact with their
GitHub issues. Before I get to the punch line, let me set some context for you.

In addition to founding Codetree, I'm the tech lead for a burgeoning
[marketing automation app](https://www.getdrip.com). Like many product teams these
days, we settled on using the [GitHub Flow&trade;](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)
and almost immediately began reaping the benefits. We were iterating faster,
shipping higher quality code, and at the end of the day, making our customers happier.

As my team continued to grow, I found myself spending more time on administrivia and less
time in the code. My daily routine involved hopping between our project management tool
and GitHub, solely to keep things happening in our GitHub issues and pull requests
in sync with our PM tool. That's when I realized that my tools were getting in the
way more than they were helping me.

The endless back and forth between the project management app and GitHub was
killing my productivity. And if your workflow is anything like mine, chances are
it's killing your productivity too.

GitHub Issues is an amazing product. Dare I say my favorite quality about GitHub Issues
is what it *doesn't do*. You get a title, description, labels, milestone, and assignee.
That's it. No giant list of fields to populate or boxes to tick.

But, as we moved further towards migrating all project management to
GitHub, we discovered there was some key functionality missing that was preventing
us from making the leap.

### That's when Codetree was born

Codetree is a lightweight project management app that sits directly on top of GitHub.
Every issue in Codetree corresponds to a GitHub issue and projects are kept continually in sync.
We provide just the features needed for project management, without reinventing
what GitHub already executes beautifully.

My team and I had our own wish list, which included **prioritization**,
a **compact list view**, and time/point **estimates**. Before long, I began receiving
feature requests from potential customers, such as **multi-repository projects**, **dependency
tracking**, and kanban **task boards**, to name a few. I'm proud to say that most of
these features above are available today.

### This is just the beginning

If you use GitHub issues, I think you are going to love Codetree. We have much more
in store for the product and look forward to helping product teams be more
awesome at managing their development queues.
[Sign up for a free trial](https://codetree.com) and let me know what you think!
